Fix languagetool findings (#299)
SAP/cloud-sdk: docs/java/features/odata/generic-odata-client.mdx

```

:::note

What used to be function imports in OData V2 have been split into functions and actions in the OData V4 standard.
The above classes adopt the OData V4 notion.
To perform V2 function imports leverage the function class in case the operation should use HTTP GET.

> Instead, use the action class if the operation should use POST.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead, if the operation should use POST, use the class for actions.
```
